I
OK.
Yeah
Come
OK
love it.
Yeah
I said I was.
in it.
How soon do we have a bath.
It's.
No I
I.
I
I need a couple of stuff there.
What I
I.
I did.
Yeah.
I
I.
OK.
You have to look your best for your husband.
I
relax.
Yes.
I was asking.
Do we go.
I.
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah
I'll wait until you're done.
You'll look like a canary by the time you see it.
That's
Get the
get the van.
like
I.
I
Oh.
We
Yes,
it did,
it did.
Yeah
Thank you
Do
they miss a lot.
I.
I
Martin.
Yeah.
I love this.
I
Tony,
funny.
So.
Yeah
OK
I.
right.
I
I.
Did
You on your face.
Let's see.
Let's
party.
I
When you wash it.
I.
I
Oh.
And
I
OK.
Yeah.
was.
I know.
wind it on.
Yeah
I
Because
OK.
Thank you,
Sophie.
Crazy
Look how good he's getting an Nvidia wytron.
Uh-huh,
really.
I've asked the girls to come over
this side when they've all finished.
You
I
Oh
I.
What's funny.
Yeah
I
So.
You've already got this show.
I on the other hand.
I
Yeah.
I'm giving you the.
Yeah,
if this is.
I.
I don't know you can.
I
Yeah
Oh
See my little is there,
but this thing you have to remove it.
I
Yes.
Yeah yeah don't.
If you are standing and you take the photograph.
I.
OK.
Only faces,
OK?
Only faces.
Stay here.
I started to feel.
That.
Don't be.
If you are dead,
maybe it will be late.
Yeah.
I
After the video of the video.
Yeah.
you.
Wow,
that's kindly.
Is likely.
They're looking for an umbrella for you,
mother.
They're looking for an umbrella for you.
I don't need to worry about.
They bring the girls this side.
Yeah,
boys this side,
girls this side.
Girls on mothers left.
Boys are mothers right.
OK
All the girls,
all the girls who are getting married,
by that side,
yeah,
they're applying,
uh,
oil,
some of them,
hopefully,
otherwise it'll never come out.
It took
let's go.
It took 2 months the last time to get the stuff out of my
Married girls,
girls getting married to go this side,
girls who are getting married over this side.
Girls are getting married this time
come on this side.
Right.
and stick into it.
from this side you get the light.
you want to stay there.
Yeah.
I.
Sorry.
You
Shut up,
up,
too.
Ma.
You.
give it to.
It's amazing.
I
Just the.
not.
Hey.
Yeah
I.
Yeah.
Don't go in front of the camera.
I.
Wa.
I
Yeah.
I.
And I didn't wanna sleep with.
I
I need.
you got.
Yeah.
I.
Ha.
Come on.
flower.
No.
was
Yeah.
What.
Oh
Let's go.
I.
I
Yeah.
That's right
I.
are
It.
I
Greg here.
Yeah
Oh.
I.
P.
Yeah
I
Hey.
Yeah
I
What
He.
Oh.
Yeah.
I.
You get
Yeah.
Yeah
Oh.
I.
Oh
Yeah.
I
Oh yeah,
yeah.
I
No,
it's OK.
It's no.
I.
I
So.
make me.
I.
I
No.
I'm gonna go.
the
Yes I do.
I'm.
I so
I pray give me some.
I.
Everyone.
Yeah.
No,
no,
no.
That's low down.
Oh yeah.
All ladies,
all brides should go for a bath now.
Only brides.
All other ladies should stay.
All brides should go for bath and other ladies should stay here.
I.
Yeah.
And let,
let,
let there be a space for.
Yeah
now.
I
OK.
Yeah.
Yeah
No
I
At the.
Briss.
But.
I.
I
We
I've been fucking
Right.
I
right.
Yeah
Oh my God.
OK.
All the brides must work for a month.
Right
I
Silence
On the side.
Just listen,
please.
Silence please.
All the brides have to go take bath
and take the yellow saris with you.
Change,
dress up properly and come back when we call.
All the brides have to go now and have a bath and you will
be given yellow saris and you'll come back when you are to do so.
When
Thank you.
No.
I.
But
Bring the boys in.
No it was not fun.
Well
I
my camera.
Yeah.
No
That's
Yeah
The holy terror.
I
Where.
Hi,
that's really.
Yeah
you're running the aeroplane.
OK,
let's go.
Yeah
You
No
They're coming to catch you.
And
it
Yeah
Nobody you can
Oh yeah
Let the victim sit down.
Yeah
Yeah.
Where's my brother.
I
Oh
Yeah.
To walk in between,
so spread out.
I
A bit more back.
Please leave room in between so that your
little room in between this way.
I
Oh
I.
OK.
I might.
And.
No,
not again.
Oh.
Thank you,
Simon,
with respect.
Yeah.
I
Oh
Oh.
Oh,
well,
some kind of comic.
Oh
We
I.
sorry.
I don't know where he is.
Like keep some space.
Move on,
move on,
keep some space.
Please more space in between you.
Try to spread out more.
The boys were sitting.
OK.
*** ***.
Oh.
I
You,
you go.
get back.
Yeah.
What
I
That
he
You like that.
I can hardly wait to see the French.
Oh.
Yeah.
No.
OK.
Let me just.
Where's the?
They're doing like.
that.
I
Yeah.
I mean.
I.
Mr.
Oh.
in
you want this shit.
Yes.
I
yourself.
Yeah
Yes.
They.
I think
Oh,
that's a.
Yeah.
Yeah
There
Yeah.
I
OK.
Anyone done it to behind the ear?
Oh.
I.
I
Oh.
especially if you watch.
Yeah
such a lovely sight.
Ah.
I
I was going to stick.
that.
Oh,
thank you.
Simon,
Simon.
Get
I
I.
Yeah.
OK.
You're.
I think.
John.
I.
Really
Behind you here.
God.
Huh.
Oh
I
I get
I like
I.
Like some
I did just because you're holding the cover.
Oh
That.
What.
everyone.
ornaments or all the sar you have to be given to the girl or whatever things you have
properly and then you hear me.
Loudly tell them to go.
Come here.
Hello
who are not.
and come back.
You
OK,
you all have now to go
have your bath
and come back with
whatever you have for the marriage as matters of and.
OK.
Yeah
I
Yeah.
We actually
I
And my
Yeah.
I got
got that Tanis had to set that up I can.
Hello.
It's a
car.
No.
Alaatiha
you come along,
sit down there at the end there.
You have to sit in the line.
OK
You swa
hello.
The registering it car.
Come here.
Why didn't you comb your hair?
OK.
Oh.
Ah.
I was managing.
Take the comb from her and comb your hair.
To be.
Li
I like.
Like that.
I.
Oh.
lovely.
Yeah.
Oh.
car.
You saw the sari I got for her.
What's up.
You wanted to see Paul,
but it's right.
He's happy here.
He's all right.
Just telling you.
I'll just talk to him.
when they are going on
on that time you can carry it on your shoulder because it will be light about 6 o'clock
when the boys will be coming but when they
will be gardening in the centre of the place.
What you do is to fix the lights
the centre with the cameraman on fixing the two lights here,
but
because that time the light you cannot get
the whole participating in one of the weddings.
I'm the boys,
but I'll run through it with you just so you can.
Yeah.
A.
No.
They.
I.
And
then get up on the.
And.
But.
I.
We didn't know.
Yeah.
Oh.
But
And.
Aye.
Uh.
Uh,
I
Huh.
Go.
I'm just
Mm
oh no
no
no.
Where are the bridesmaids?
Right
So.
La la la
The gala.
So
Ah.
Yeah.
the microphones
This should be taken for them.
Yeah.
Mike for them.
Excuse me,
Mother,
may we move them?
Would that be too much to ask them to move because the mic won't reach,
let it be there coming down.
They
the generator will make a lot of noise,
so the microphone will meet just here on the right in the shadow there.
I
Thank you very much.
Yeah.
No.
It.
I don't want that.
You all are looking very beautiful.
I,
I take out the bad eyes.
All the brides are looking very nice,
so I've taken out the bad eyes.
but.
So what does that what is that?
She's Kelly.
I'm training.
And I.
Go.
The.
My pleasure.
serial number.
Yeah.
Yeah mama
Oh.
Like.
We can,
we can just say please help us
movement class.
Zara.
Come.
You'll be married now if you don't move that side a little.
I.
it.
So.
I.
And
Yeah.
It's
I.
Yeah.
The.
So
You
They get in there.
Yeah
I
Tabu
Apple.
The boy should be brought from this side.
and tell them
that they should find out their brides and sit accordingly.
They see the brides and sit accordingly here,
but they come this way to come fast.
They are taking too much time.
How this is only 2 hours.
Who is in charge of the petrol.
I.
Who is in charge of it.
2 hours of petrol generator.
Excuse me,
look at this movement of this.
I
somebody's got a dancing baba vibrations.
It's.
Get.
Yeah
to be.
No.
And I don't cover your head too much,
your husband would like to know where is my wife's city.
Now,
now find out your wives.
You find out your wives and sit next to them.
Find out your voices.
That.
I.
That you shingle.
it
What does that
You just find out your wife.
I know
OK.
A.
I got it.
As soon as your husband's coming in,
you better put up your finger.
As soon as your
uh bridegrooms are coming,
you put up your fingers.
Mulan.
The.
I.
you.
Yeah.
Yeah
Wow
Mommy.
Malas.
It will move this side so mamas could sit there.
Oh.
Just move this way a little bit
mastina.
Oh
baboon.
Mama mba.
You got it.
No
That a
And.
B.
So.
I'm the position.
And the.
Malabolagalaboga.
I
Chang
Are they?
The
chuckles.
She's like that because of her it's good.
What has happened is good,
otherwise you would have got from her in trouble.
But bitter we should finished.
I'll manage it.
Your mama.
And.
Batalabandu.
Ma.
Keep it on the sides.
Whatever things you have,
keep it on the sides.
Sadikut.
Playing it
I'm remembering my husband.
My time's up.
He's teasing me.
Because my husband is not here,
so he's teasing me.
They are playing for you.
Yeah,
I'm coming.
It's clear.
No.
I've just burnt the letter,
mother,
and I've just beaten shoes.
I'm telling Paul Paul's getting involved.
Tell him not to bother,
Paul,
Paul.
Don't get involved.
You're all right now.
Just don't worry.
Leave it to me.
I'll manage it.
Yes,
it's all right.
With
The indoors up there is.
I
OK.
Oh
I don't know.
It
Must be you because.
That that.
plan rather than.
When you go
It's trying to
What about your healthy?
All right.
Now you find out the bride.
There you go baby.
Your bridegroom has come.
He's your father,
but it's all right.
He has to do it now for he's trying to find out about.
Father will be needed at the time of the wedding.
He
Come along.
All the boys,
boys are taking more time.
I do.
Please come along.
Alexander now you.
I
Gregor,
please tell them to find their own wives and sit down.
I don't even know if they're married to.
Why have they gone to the sea?
This madness of sea is also too much,
huh?
they were
they were going to the sea.
But they can't do it here.
What is the need to go to the sea?
They should have done it.
That's not proper.
You see,
to be arbitrary is not proper.
Is he a bridegroom?
We've got everybody's here.
You see,
you should not do any arbitrary behaviour like going to the sea suddenly
everybody's waiting for this to be done.
The bride rooms,
bride rooms,
the sang.
quit
the bridegrooms or brides.
You don't move out because it is going to be difficult for us.
Where is Bernard's wife?
Raise your hand.
mama mama.
That's it.
That's.
What is the need to go to the sea?
I.
she's in.
I think uh if you could put the camera here,
you could take the photograph of all of them better than
now we have had enough of mine happen
any enjoyment.
Come inside,
come inside.
He's a finder.
You
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Now the big complication is they're not in any serial order.
It's all right.
I did that.
No,
no,
it's all right.
There's no need just now just now there's no need,
later on,
just spontaneously just fine.
Aimo alala quickly.
Where is that massage is over.
I.
Come inside,
come inside.
Oh.
I.
Where is Mashimona?
What do you need
hello.
Massimo is he there?
Some of the young boys.
I got to that.
You.
thank you.
I
Yeah.
Or
How many are missing now?
Should I ask?
Well,
Mr.
J.
No.
Who's missing there?
That's missing.
Yeah.
Yeah
Mala.
Hello.
I
Oh.
Come sit down.
Come,
come.
Find your bride out.
Where's your bride,
Jessie?
Hello.
Come this way.
And I'm bright now.
All right,
best man is not mama.
Best man is uh Karbala.
sneaky guy.
that's.
I got you come here,
you have to translate.
OK
But
Ilia.
It was only a bit
After the so.
You
Are you
You.
He's not here.
Hurry up,
hurry up.
No,
but this is,
he's also getting married and
come in fast.
Come in and find your bro.
I.
What is happening to this fellow Masima?
Just tell somebody you one.
Send somebody to get it.
English.
Has he come?
Not yet.
No,
he's going to fetch him.
Yeah.
And.
No
Yes.
Hang on,
just go down and,
OK.
No.
One of
the smart for
carbo I'm gonna bola.
Yeah
What's happened to you?
Yeah.
At.
and just a minchaya min yeah.
argue that.
Baba papaya.
So bus.
I think I'm.
000.
just.
the bridegroom the
so sit at the backside,
huh.
I
the problem.
And
Has he been located?
Someone has gone to see where he is.
I
Symbolic.
And.
Yeah.
It's they say in French also.
the,
put your attention on this while you do it.
Yes,
now the.
Uncles of the boys.
The boys have to take what the girls have got and give it to the uncles.
Now you have to get up one by one and give it to the uncle.
Now because the system has not been put properly,
what we can do is to boys must get up,
take the things from the girl,
and give it to the uncle,
and uncle then has to give it to the girl.
mama
take it and give it to the mama
fast be fast.
I
they
Um,
there was.
Now,
the mamas be careful.
Mama,
mama,
mama.
It has everything in it,
all right,
boys and girls,
everything for the boys and girls.
Everything in there.
All right.
Have you done it?
Shalaloga?
I do it fast,
do it fast.
Now,
listen now,
the second one is more important,
it's rather complicated.
Go faster with the coconuts,
please.
Does the at this time all the mamas must get up.
And give these things in the lap of the girl,
like this,
in this thing again,
all the mamas have to give it to the girl.
Not for the signal.
Just a minute,
just a minute,
just a minute.
You just listen to the instructions first and we'll give you the signal for doing it.
Now,
all this has to go to the girl's side on her lap.
Now the mothers
have to put it in her lap would be better,
put it in the lap
of the girl.
All right?
So
now it is given to the girl,
whatever it is,
is her uh
her property or
everything
that represents the
the wealth or the
lakshmi of the family is given to the girl.
And that is given from the mother's side.
Because she's the Lakshmi,
and she's going away so symbolically the Lakshmi of the house is given this.
So uh.
Leo de la smi princier iron depo.
No,
no,
no.
The the boys have to give it in the lap of the girls.
Now,
after doing that,
the mother
should show the girl the ornaments that are there
and make her cover her with the sari.
And they,
first of all,
take out the things.
Or even if you do not take out the salis all right,
but first of all,
take out the things that are meant for the boy.
Hello
mama vadepore uh.
Fran
Lepo a la mere
the ensuite montrealeppolo.
Ma.
Now,
when,
when they,
the ladies,
the mothers have taken out the things that are for the boys.
These things are to be brought and given to the boys.
That's the first thing.
The girls should keep quiet with these things in their lap.
Now all the other relations of the girls,
whatever ornaments they want to give,
can give ornaments later,
but one by one I'll give you instructions.
Don't do it in a
hurry.
Now first of all,
as I said,
the mamas
have to get up,
cross over,
and put it in the lap of the girl.
Should I do it now?
OK.
All the mama do is in the lap of the girl.
And the girl doesn't do anything.
She just waits until the,
until the mother
shows up.
Mama representing all the mamas.
I've also given you Ganesha as present to every boy
for the boy and the girl,
both of them.
We've got 252 are there,
so it's it's all right to give both for the boys,
all the you sit back at your place.
So
that would be
you come along?
You bring the supply.
Bring an armful in your laptop.
And all the foreigners must get there also.
After getting this,
the function is over,
all the foreigners who have come
from the western countries,
eastern countries should take one G Ganeshai each.
If you only the western you heard.
So.
All the boys and all the girls.
Remembered the cap's mother,
so may I just pass one to each man.
No,
this is not to be just now because this may be spoiled,
we'll have to in the in the bag we'll give them just now or you can
give them later when they have got now.
The girls,
the
boys think whatever are to be given
for the boys,
whatever you want to give to the boys.
Now take it out.
I have a chain to be given to all the boys.
I've got a chain for them.
Hello uh male cado for uh le marie argen.
Jane for the boys?
Yes,
so the mothers should come and tie the chain for the boys.
So when we give the signal,
not just now when we give the signal of the.
Uh no.
This is the chair which I have given as a present myself to the boys.
What's that but also what is it hurtful hurtful and it's my pool.
DJ
to foreigners yes are you giving to Indians or let it be all right yes.
These are the things I've given to the girls as a wedding present.
And also these.
Oh,
you customised.
OK
All right.
Sajuntaka,
if there are some shot doesn't matter.
So all the mothers ready with the presents for the boy.
Just the same for the boys,
I,
I'm giving them
whatever is to be given to the boys apart from that,
like someone wants to give the rings and other things
should be.
Not in.
Some people have relations have rings and things
have to be done when I give you a signal.
First of all,
just tie the chain
and then whatever our relations are there,
they want to give something to the boy.
The relations those who want to give something to the world.
Sibutala.
What's she say?
I don't know,
he's got a gift for somebody over there.
This mama has for that.
All right.
Anybody who has after this,
there should not be any hurry and scurry.
Those who have gifts for the girl or for the boy
should give the relations,
the friends,
or anybody,
but don't hurry up just now one by one because it's quite a mess then.
See,
the girls are sitting with all their things and they should not be disturbed.
They have to keep everything inside the packet is better,
the girls,
so that it is safe.
Put everything inside the packet
if possible.
All the ornaments,
everything.
Let the mother know.
Mothers can help them put everything inside.
karaboga.
Don't put this one.
Uh,
this you keep outside.
The thing that is here,
don't keep it inside,
it might be spoiled.
Zala.
M.
So this Ganesha also is a present from me.
It's local.
get.
OK.
Very nice.
is very good.
Ah this giving up Ganeshah has brought this silence.
Uh.
Ah,
but.
You can when I said that now this is in charge of foreign.
All right,
now what did I tell you?
Do you remember that
that the ladies have to move slowly and tie
the thing in the neck of their son-in-laws.
OK,
now all the mothers.
Vattache laches.
Be careful,
don't drop the pendant or anything.
Do it
quietly fet Kilmore.
And I'm
alright,
but.
OK.
Now,
whatever the relations or anybody has to give,
should give
on either side.
First give to the girls.
Just a minute.
One more thing.
Those all the boy ladies who have got the mangalsutra.
They
should give it to the boys because they have to tie it up so
the mothers should take out the magasutras and give it to the boys,
and they must keep it safe with them and you
must not forget to bring it for the wedding.
Hello son quino lilies
Lord de Marriage.
Well,
we didn't know we had to bring presents so we'll give them later on.
That's after marriage.
No,
this is,
this is more direct relations.
Did you keep it carefully.
These are just the present from the immediate relatives.
It's presence.
There will be another opportunity later in the day to give them.
The other thing is the boys have to be very careful.
Not to forget the mangalsutra this evening because
this is part of the marriage ceremonial.
I say.
Now those who.
Now if some people have gold banga sutrast to be given to their bride.
These bugalsutras must be given to the boys,
all the people relations,
those who want to give a gold mangalsutra to the girl,
that also must be given to the boys and boys must be very careful.
And those who want to give rings and chains.
Also should give to the boys.
Jane,
Jane.
Uh,
no,
chain in the neck,
and also rings.
Some are giving gold rings and things like that to the boy.
Should be given now.
All the rings whom you want to give right,
just for the boy.
Then when you have to go to the girl,
I'll tell you,
for the boy.
To.
Whatever you have to give to the boy,
let him wear the ring and wear the chain.
The gold chain
Attas gala to the locos.
What this car.
How to be basa.
Please sit in meditation.
This is we are in front of the Aditi.
Those who have nothing to do,
please are requested to meditate and to sit.
Everybody sit,
please baa baa baa.
Good.
That is I say,
but when you have to say kakabasa.
Sarannyatlaka
Autana.
So.
Give the manga sutras in the hands of the boy.
All the rings,
all the manga sutras
which are to be tied,
have to be given to the boys of gold or anything.
Have you done that,
Linda?
All the people who have made gold manga sutras,
please give it to the boys.
a son.
Danny.
You better handle.
I don't know who are the people,
and the rings also,
gold rings.
I see is a one.
Hey Leslie
As
Harsh to dera deco.
Done.
So now some of you have got
even gold,
Manga Sutra.
Yeah and ultra mullachata.
Della.
Those who have got also goal Mangassutra or
these things must keep them carefully with them.
And must be brought at the time of the wedding,
and people are to be reminded.
Don't precise.
Hey
hove the marriage.
I find the
on dispo vole.
Now.
I thought,
I thought that we got one salata.
Now,
whatever you have now to give to the girls,
you better give her now,
all the ornaments and everything.
uh no.
Not the manga Sutras,
but all the other things.
Whatever you want to give to the girl.
The job,
the relations also.
The relations,
close relations.
The close relations,
the family
who have present for the girl,
please,
it's now time to give to the girl,
for the family,
the immediate family,
the boys or the relations or goes to the girl,
you don't get up,
you tell the mama.
Mama has 2 games for them.
Mama,
what gift?
You should give it to the mama and mama gives to the girl.
But other direct relations can give it to the girl.
But the boy,
if he wants to give anything.
Then they must give it to the mama and the mama should pass it over to the girl.
Uh
I've got,
I've got 51 presents.
Am I a direct relation or do I come later?
I'm the most.
No.
Everybody has given.
What about the um the ornaments and
the that they have been given.
They have been given.
No,
not yet.
All right.
Now,
where are the ornaments?
51 ornaments.
Mm.
OK,
we'll get them.
We'll need 4 men.
On the side where the Indians are,
um.
Now I'll give you instructions now.
What is it you have to have your foot.
Take some rest.
And I think,
uh,
not,
not just now,
I mean after some time because we have to still pass on the ornaments.
Now
then
all the girls should take all these things carefully.
The girl's mothers should go with them and the bride
bride's
sisters,
they are important.
They should go with the girls.
Keep everything carefully.
Take some rest after food,
and then.
You have to
dress up according to the timing
because all the girls have to be ready by 6
something
and the boys have to be ready at 6 o'clock.
Reste uh quasi garde sues monus sebijo
a prayer deposeiltro praya Caesar arson refi.
Now,
uh,
the,
the bridegroom will have to start from here at 6 o'clock on the horses.
But the girls should not get out
till the boys are gone.
The boys we first come.
And then I'll come here for the Gawriujan.
By that time,
the girls should be brought by the mother.
You want them to come to where you live?
Why?
Come to.
Yes,
the procession of the city.
Li.
Yeah.
All right.
And then you see they should ladies should be dressed up fully.
Like they should have all their saris on with their things on,
all their ornaments on.
All these things should be done for ladies in the same way,
the boys,
when they get onto their horses,
they should be tied with this.
All this should be done
for that,
the
boys,
brothers should help them.
Lesson re peelle mamaliorola the los colifien pole
goripoja in vocals complex mon decorre rabid marriage
male lied asatti.
And the mamas and the mothers of the girl
and the fathers
should prepare an arty.
For the
Boy who's coming.
And that is to be
done when the boy comes.
He is to be
received with and with a
after going round the whole thing,
I mean after the proced after touching my feet,
they go around the
place
on the horses.
at the same time.
Can I give these out at the same time
let it be.
When they'll be getting on the horse,
it's better to give them.
No,
no,
just,
uh,
before that
you keep it with you.
I'll tell you what you see yourself,
what is this?
This is for your brides you're giving.
Don't give it to and the other gentlemen.
I'll just excuse me.
It's beautiful.
Subloglena.
Except for Jacker and something.
This is
Don't worry.
Dana.
Excuse me.
Oh
You
O
OK
You got the last one I sent you that one.
Very good.
Just show him.
Another was that 50 or 5151.
I gave you the one.
That
This one again has to be given to the uncle.
For don is your mama.
And then
that one is to be given.
To the girl.
You have to get up and give it to the girl,
and then take the girls with you
out from here.
All the mothers and the
mamas should take the girl.
When we give you the signal.
And the.
Near by peleka confunuatanahaekarva.
Don't do it before I tell you because it's a confusion there.
We will give the signal when you have to do it.
Don't bi or fiance.
The mothers and the sisters,
they will escort and make her comfortable
and keep her ornaments properly somewhere.
When she gets up,
she has to wear her sari,
her blouse,
and everything.
Now
please slowly get up.
Matt no
I cross over.
Should we announce that the couples eat first,
not that they have to kill?
For all the here,
it is clear that you let the couples eat first.
The couple should not queue,
just now the couples,
it's a b buffet.
So first of all,
the mamas
of the girl and they should see that they give food
to the girl and to the boy.
serve them food in the rooms.
Yes,
they should come take a plate each
and take them in the room so they have their food and come back.
And the mother should give food to the girls.
Actually,
in our custom,
the mama has to pay for this food.
Ha.
I'm looking at Mother Day.
All right.
So now the,
the mothers have to give the food to the girls,
make them comfortable,
keep all their things all right.
And
the boys
are to be looked after by mamas.
You should bring the one plate each,
give them food and let them rest.
And then,
then afterwards the dressing up has to be done
by the.
Um,
so that accounted the best one by the brothers
of the boy.
I know.
In other words,
the food is being provided to the couples.
No,
no,
not couples.
The girls must be looked after by the mothers,
no confusion,
and the boys must have their food in their rooms separately by the mamas.
The mothers feed the girls and the mamas feed the boys in their rooms separately.
And take down the plates and everything
and let them rest.
Now the mamas won't meet.
The boys till they arrive
at the time on the gate where they will do the RT,
where they will receive them as bridegrooms.
So after getting down from the horses,
they'll be received by the mamas.
And will be guided down
to the places
where they have to stand in a queue.
So you have to come in the numbers 1234,
like that,
you have to come
and stand in that line and the mamas should provide
for the garlets.
So no.
Go
solovo numero elle mama.
Now the garlands
will be.
In the hands of the boys and girls
in such a way
that the flower garland is first and then another garland behind it,
which is a shining garland.
uh
luminos.
All right.
And once that happens,
now the mamas can come and sit down.
They should stand there.
With the garlands sit down sit down.
The
With the garlands,
the boys should stand in lines and because there are
many who are new who have not seen the system,
that's what I'm saying.
Doc
ensuite chakras animerote gas line the clerg lama.
Now the organisers should know that time the akhaas must be distributed.
Now one thing is that
after once,
now you are to be married.
You'll be tied
with a thing in your hand,
all of you,
the bandage.
Once that is tied,
you're not to go here and there.
It's now you're going to be married.
You can't just run here,
then go to the sea or under the tree.
No.
Keep together.
It's very difficult,
easy to locate a 51 people.
So everything is arranged,
but you just do one thing not to run about.
Now you are grown up man.
You are marrying,
be responsible.
All the mothers should die kunda for the boys and the mamas for the.
Before
They get ready.
Or after they get rid,
actually
somebody responsible should do it before it's done,
huh.
All right,
it would be better when you come here after marriage.
We'll try that,
but they'll give you a ja to be put.
A.
Then that tying up will be later,
but once this is put,
don't run about.